In previous things, what we created or we created one gameplay class with experience of Japan and which
is going to use the same skill is not an actual action listeners.
So we will create that part.
But and we are assuming we are, we will create one malfunctions later.
So now this is done, but we didn't in this game play.
There should be.
Game is not also so knowledge to basically the keyboard, and it's not, you can say.
And let me mention this one individual.
So this will be used for direct reference of our key listener then said focus will focus.
I will fall.
Focusing the bullying part and which is always true.
We mentioned to focus our lives for and like that these should be fixed.
These are not is changing part.
So let me mention this then sit focus traveler wanting travel keys, travel pleas for travel in the
teens and enable these.
I need to mention this anyone can.
And let me mention as false, because I the start of I don't want to clear that part.
And in this, let me mention time world is equal to.
New.
Languid.
Billy.
On Mondays.
So this will incorporate Andy and.
We were injured and stymied.
Not.
Stunned.
So.
OK.
And let me mention, this is not in this time what it is is this should be an export swing, not by
motorbike.
Always so now you can check it's not remembering there are two things kind of bad timing when is for
you to publish, which is console?
Another is for you, everybody, which is Java.
So before that are using I'm using Java util because Java directly to that part where, no, I'm using
these.
So this will remove all the parts.
Now I need to create one pentameter to create any wind things here.
So let me mention one meter public wide thing with one parameter graphics.
Which is AWG matter graphics.
And inside this, it would create method part and oh, I forgot to close the panties.
Now let us mention these things for background.
Looking great.
First background.
Dot Satekla, I'm going to set color here.
Now you can remember always color, but I'm using here directly.
Colored or black?
So that's AWG.
And look unmentioned like these also black.
For the giving the club, then, do you don't I need to create and reflect and reacting.
So I am going to see a genetically rectangular team one comma, one comma six nine.
Oh, come on.
Let me mention height for you winning duels.
So this is the team which is black, which is I'm going to create then.
Drawing.
Matt Mamta also thinks I'm going to break my door, bro.
I'm going to create and that's a function with another thing, so we will create that little, but.
Which is basically a graphic story, which is a graphic studio with.
And that's it.
We will create my draw little part, so that my teams, my paintings get map and map things we are going
to create later, then borders.
Let's move on border guards, said color.
For the border.
Ladies, let me mention Colorado.
Yellow.
So there are default things you can use or you can use exactly some quotes for your book was also that's
all but I'm using here.
My team, the Yankees, again, simple zero zero comma, three comma for only two.
So these are the border things I'm going to do and.
Let me copy this part again and again.
Let me mention what I'm going to do is I'm just going to change some parts for the law and higher parts,
so I think can were in.
So this will be the side part.
Six, nine, two, while deploying this, you will understand what these these things, I'm going to
mention zero, then three and four, OK, so this is the part about but these teams are acting as a
lawyer on borders of my circle, which is awaiting to get that ball out of their conscience.
No.
Let me mention scores, farm scoring opposition.
Did not sit in.
Color, let me mention here of hate, military age, where you don't know so you can feel like there
are different colors also, so let me mention here, where does it is?
Then let me mention G Dot second because.
Format is very important, yet formed in this one, I'm mentioning City, which is very common for an
IT system, and it works on only two.
Work with this form, dog, Will.
And looking mentioned, diseases 20 fatal.
And let me mention one thing here.
Oh, I created these things, but I forgot to create new form material.
So OK.
So this will not work as a foreign team.
And, OK, I need to mention one thing for 20 Grosjean, which is just not deploying into so.
Instead of graphic school evaluation, Dostum's directly.
With three different things, so these things in interior part less cause I'm going to mention you scored
and there's no mention for you.
94, my 30 absolute assets.
So this will act as a store scores.
Now let us create two or three things here.
One is pardon and an underage ball because I created more and everything, but I haven't created independent
commodities, so we will create that.
For president by releasing them to create no is basically that basic are.
Stage four jumping the ball.
So that set.
Color for this, I'm going to switch color as.
Dr. Green, so you're going to hear different things on.
So green, I'm going to mention green.
And God.
Again, everything I need to mention.
Now what is distinctive politics, which is different things, which is our pleasure, backpedal and
move.
So that's a blur.
And now the ball is in and new dimension.
So again, I'm going to mention.
You look at only for ball and get taught.
Now that's a rectangle, I need to mention, wilting here, so I mentioned, well, team then position
an intervention ball position, excuse my ball position.
Beautician by.
Omar going home or doing that, so that's height and weight, height and weight of these things.
And then we will create two or three things later, which is when you win game the total breaks and
basic logic behind this.
We will see in the hour the next part.
I hope you understand.
Thank you for this.